Congratulations, on getting through the first five nodes.
You're now over a third of the way through this lesson.
Because some of the topics in this lesson are so math heavy,
we wanted to create content that contain the actual formulas.
Beta testers suggested that content delivered as text is super-helpful.
Be sure to let us know what you think.
Udacity is all about creating an environment that encourages students,
but we also want to learn from you.
We want your feedback to be included in the process.
Your feedback helps us to iterate and create better lessons.
So, if we do something that you like, let us know,
and if you think we could do something better,
let us know that too.
Good luck with the rest of the lesson.